Fix broken link (#20985)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/links/index.md

{{ APIRef("DOM") }}

> The **`links`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Document")}} interface returns a collection of all {{HTMLElement("area")}} elements and {{HTMLElement("a")}} elements in a document with a value for the [href](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-href) attribute.

Reviewer: Well spotted, I think we should stay within the `/Web/API/` section as that's the context we're linking from:

```suggestion
The **`links`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Document")}} interface returns a collection of all {{HTMLElement("area")}} elements and {{HTMLElement("a")}} elements in a document with a value for the [href](/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/href) attribute.
```

Reviewer: Actually what you've added is better, let's merge 👍🏻
